Clean formatting (#57)
w3c/ColorWeb-CG: hdr-in-png-requirements.md

The `iCCN` chunk contains:

|Name               |Size                         |
|-------------------|-----------------------------|
|Profile name       |1-79 bytes (character string)|
|Null separator     |1 byte (null character)      |
|Compression method |1 byte                       |
|Compressed profile |n bytes                      |

The profile name may be any convenient name for referring to the profile. It is case-sensitive. Profile names shall be encoded as UTF-8. Leading, trailing, and consecutive spaces are not permitted. The profile name shall not contain a zero byte (null character). 

> The only compression method defined in this International Standard is method 0 (zlib datastream with deflate compression, see 10.3: Other uses of compression). The compression method entry is followed by a compressed datastream of an ICC profile as defined in [ICC] or [ICC-2010].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compression method shall be method 0 (zlib datastream with deflate compression). The compression method entry is followed by a compressed datastream of an ICC profile as defined in [ICC] or [ICC-2010].
```
